[Applause]
hello if you're new around here my name
is Sara DG rhymes with peachy bass mere
say-so I got to go into the DJ I event
where they released their new drum the
Mavic air there are so many videos on
this already of people actually demoing
them out so I'm going to leave some of
the best ones in the description below
but let's just go through the specs real
quick the air is 41% lighter it has a
3-axis stabilized 4k camera a even
bigger deal for me as it can shoot full
HD at 1920 by 1080 at 120 frames per
second I'm going to add or slow-motion
and that's a big part of my videos and
workflow I'm definitely going to
incorporate a lot of slow-mo from a drum
it has seven cameras on it which leads
to three directions of environmental
sensing which is gonna help you from
running into buildings are running into
anything period you can take 12
megapixel stills and 32 megapixel
panoramics that take only one minute to
stitch together sometimes when I'm out
and about shooting I tragically forget
my micro SD card but the air actually
has 8 gigabytes of internal storage one
of my favourite things mentioned today
were the quick shots so that asteroid
and the hyper lapse I think you're gonna
start seeing these all over Instagram
and Twitter but it's really cool way to
show the entire environment of where you
are with a click I wasn't too excited
about the spark because it seemed like
the same size because you couldn't fold
down the propellers my avid pro that I
use often it's very compact it's like
the size of a water bottle because I can
fold down the propellers but the spark
is where DJI first introduced smart
capture where you can hold out motion
stuff to capture selfies you can use
your hands to control the drone I got to
test this out in the air
it was fun like a Jedi
[Music]
this thing can go up to forty two point
five miles per hour in sports mode
that's slightly terrifying the drum
going so drum comes in white black and
red it starts at seven hundred and
ninety nine dollars up to nine hundred
and ninety-nine on the fly more combo
and I think this thing is six I'm going
to get one I've been using the magic
Rose since it actually came out that was
my first drum very easy to fly the
software is flawless I've been having a
lot of fun with it the fact is a
maverick air is almost the size of my
iPhone 10 is insane the only thing that
I worry about is how is it going to take
the wind when it's really high up there
is that gimbal is the small form-factor
going to handle some intense conditions
probably not but that's where I'm going
to keep my mouth so I am here with the
Jews himself the managing director of
North America for DGI
so one question what is well the first
thing that people will notice is the
portability the entire system fits
effortlessly within your pocket it's
really easy to carry with you wherever
your adventures take you the other thing
that people will be amazed by is the
quality of the camera and such a small
form factor you're gonna get it better
than ever
4k video and 100 megabits per second
which honestly the upgrade and detail
and clarity and the 4k is outstanding
not Sara what are your thoughts on the
new DJ I'm happy to drone no I don't
draw I went well I went droning with
Eric and Bonaire and it gave me an
anxiety attack he's like such a
daredevil with his drone so I've never
flown a drone and I've never owned a
drone but after seeing this drone today
this might be my first one what do you
think
b2 I don't know anything about b2 Sam's
the one who knows everything about me
too I haven't been invited to the Forex
I think so probably I wish I had more
secrets I want to know all the secrets
Sam's the one with the secrets just a
fee to bloggers I said it's coming it's
definitely coming I think it'll be
called v2 as weird as that is and I
think we'll see it sooner rather than
later I think there is a six six second
six-and-a-half second limit and then
like a two second minimum from what I
saw like Dom pushed code and like a
specific for the time limit video but
I'm excited because vine shouldn't have
died and rest in peace original vine
yeah I'm on the forums if you're
watching this video you should go on the
forums you can just sign up easily
please like v2 Co or v2 community
whatever but like I want to make sure
that like I'm in there with my feet wet
talking to the other creators in there
seeing what's going on because I think
this thing is gonna launch and it could
be
it really could be a big deal what is
your content gonna be a stupidity lotta
probably a lot of stupidity I don't
think I want to take it like seriously
like where I'm like sweating over like
what am i posting kind of like the way
snapchat was always kind of like yeah
yeah but I think it's going to balance
this like crappiness that we have with
YouTube right now if you know what I
mean
with like it's just like something new
you know something new something fresh
and the fact that it's basically gonna
be the casualness of snapchat with the
visibility of other socials but I think
it's gonna allow for a lot of brands to
speak right and yesterday dom tweeted
something and then casey quote tweeted
him and was basically like you have our
support like you have the creators
support on this platform yeah so to see
I think I think the creators that were
on vine and kind of shifted to YouTube
are gonna you know kind of play in both
fields now but it's gonna give room to
so many new creators and creators like
you and me Sarah just another place to
you know share what we do
[Music]
just finished up some fantastic lunch
driver on the west side of Midtown I
would recommend Friedemann Friese
Freedman gap right here
what's up peachy fam why should we talk
about what a beautiful day I'm just so
excited that New York is actually
gorgeous we're actually about to head to
California along with other people ani
is out in California John will be coming
along really well
NYC spot is taking over LA actually
doing that for a month but DJI event was
super fun we recently went to CES for
the first time ever so we're not running
into each other at events as well tech
events creative event first of all how
was CEO both of our first times and it
was so cool to just see how massive it
wasn't as I had all the different
sectors that you know there's like the
robot section the drones section at you
know the Sony section which was huge
like they're just so cool to spend like
three full days there and like still not
even see everything my only complaint
therefore not long enough I was only
there for two days and it was so wrong I
was like must see everything I kind of
wanted to talk about the reason why I
think events are important I think
recently you just started going to more
like tech events yeah but that is more
for maybe people who have like in or are
already at a certain level there are a
ton of things out there that are just
conferences that you can like pay to go
to have you ever been to like Adobe MAX
yeah yeah yeah yeah and I feel like once
you get into one and you have that end
then they just start coming in like yeah
exactly you never know what people do
you know if you're just out there being
nice to people networking and telling
what you do then you never know in the
future that person be like oh maybe I
need sour teach you have this idea that
you know we want her to do a review on
this or flier here so it's good just to
be nice and get out there I can't tell
you how many people I met at an event
three years ago that I'm now actively
friends with or working with I run into
him at a job or something I asked them
for help on a video it's crazy
[Music]
there was actually one event that
changed my life when I was a student in
college doing my electrical engineering
homework until like 2:00 a.m. in the
morning but I had this dream to be a
content creator I was creating a lot of
video just for fun on the side
working for free doing anything I could
do to make videos but I no money I was a
college student you know I I spent all
my pennies on buying a DSLR camera but
there was this one event called Adobe
MAX where they have the college rate has
three hundred dollars which is a bargain
so if you're in college there's a lot of
student rates for a bit so I was like
okay $300 I can save up for this I had
friends in LA that I stayed with and I
knew in my head that they were gonna
give out a gift like a camera or a free
tablet or something so I knew I could
like turn around and sell that to pay
for my plane ticket and my ticket which
I actually did so was a free conference
you got to be crafty guys but that is
where I met my first contacts at Adobe
you're probably familiar with Photoshop
and Premiere they make those
occasions and so I made some connections
I did a job for them and Nashville
Tennessee it really wasn't for a lot of
money at all but it got me in the door
and I met epic human beings and long
story short that's what set me up for
something called the Adobe Creative
residency which allowed me to create for
an entire year on my own I didn't have
to worry about jobs or anything but that
opportunity came from a conference in LA
that I paid $300 to attend and it
changed my life forever this might seem
like an advertisement for Adobe MAX but
I'm just saying getting in the physical
space where like-minded individuals are
is important and I actually want to plug
something so my friend Dan petty that I
actually know through the whole Adobe
spot is a insanely talented graphic
designer but an all-around creator and
he has an event called epic currents
which is not only a creator work week
type thing but you also get to snowboard
you get to hang out with people who are
leading the industry and design
photography filmmaking and I'm actually
co-hosting it it's gonna be in Yosemite
come hang out with me the link is in the
description below and also Brett thanks
for hanging out where can people find
you funny on youtube.com slash Trek on
TV what's something fun you've been
doing so speaking of conferences I got
invited to a Sony event a few months ago
to release the rx0 made a video about it
reviewing it and then from that video I
got the opportunity to make a campaign
video for them I got to go to Thailand
for 30 days making a video just I'm
going to that event so speaking of that
it's like you got to go to events you've
got you've got to do it and I know it's
always the money factor it is hard but
there's ways to work around it there's
discounts for certain types of people in
school or you know maybe there's
scholarships or maybe you just got to go
babysit for four years to save up for a
plane ticket and a conference ticket
start baby anyways thank you guys so
much for hanging out with me checking
out the DJ I matha care thanks for
tuning and shout out DJ I for inviting
us to live it until next time stay PG I
can fight
[Music]